Overall, I'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its Chinatown.
Get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.
Eating at Ottimo is like eating in Chef Salvatore Esposito's home.
Decent wine selection too.
Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests.
My husband and I ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokeni.com,
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
The staff has always been attentive and kind, and I've always been amazed at how they've handled all the various different group sizes that come in.
We were seated promptly as we had reservations, however after that the service was slow.
Drinks way over priced.
Also they were $15 each!
Check it out.
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible.
at night, but it's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous.
Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat.
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
After a seafood craving, i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info.
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here.
This place is a great bargain.
I don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.
What a great place.
Last memorial day, I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but...).
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.
What a ripoff!
To me it exemplifies Soho, cute, artsy, interesting.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
Has the chef and owner changed???
Is just the way it was in days gone by.
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints, and has a bar which deserves a mention.
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.
Very affordable and excellent ambient!
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
It was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us.
However, it just so happens that there's an even more amazing place just down the street.
I love the atmorphere @ peep!
Its not the same if you have to sit inside.
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
For great chinese food nearby, you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away.
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
If you go to Roth's try to be served by Mike, he is GREAT!!
A must for all the Dosa lovers.
Service was good and food is wonderful.
As many other reviewers noticed, your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time.